THIRD PARTY LICENSE FILE

Contents:

A) SHA1
B) OpenSSL
C) ACE(tm)
D) LibTomCrypt



*****************************************************************************
A) The following software may be included in this product: RFC 3174 - US 
Secure Hash Algorithm 1 (SHA1).  Use of any of this software is governed by 
terms of the license below:
*****************************************************************************

Full Copyright Statement

Copyright (c) The Internet Society (2001).  All Rights Reserved.

This document and translations of it may be copied and furnished to others, 
and derivative works that comment on or otherwise explain it or assist in its 
implementation may be prepared, copied, published and distributed, in whole 
or in part, without restriction of any kind, provided that the above 
copyright notice and this paragraph are included on all such copies and 
derivative works.  However, this document itself may not be modified in any 
way, such as by removing the copyright notice or references to the Internet 
Society or other Internet organizations, except as needed for the purpose of 
developing Internet standards in which case the procedures for copyrights 
defined in the Internet Standards process must be followed, or as required to 
translate it into languages other than English.

The limited permissions granted above are perpetual and will not be revoked 
by the Internet Society or its successors or assigns.

This document and the information contained herein is provided on an "AS IS" 
basis and THE INTERNET SOCIETY AND THE INTERNET ENGINEERING TASK FORCE 
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO 
ANY WARRANTY THAT THE USE OF THE INFORMATION HEREIN WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY 
RIGHTS OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.



*****************************************************************************
B) The following software may be included in this product: OpenSSL.  Use of 
any of this software is governed by terms of the license below:
*****************************************************************************

The OpenSSL toolkit stays under a dual license, i.e. both the conditions of 
the OpenSSL License and the original SSLeay license apply to the toolkit.  
See below for the actual license texts. Actually both licenses are BSD-style 
Open Source licenses. In case of any license issues related to OpenSSL please 
contact openssl-core@openssl.org.

OpenSSL License
====================================================================
Copyright (c) 1998-2005 The OpenSSL Project.  All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation 
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must 
display the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software 
developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. 
(http://www.openssl.org/)"

4. The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to 
endorse or promote products derived from this software without prior written 
permission. For written permission, please contact openssl-core@openssl.org.

5. Products derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL" nor may 
"OpenSSL" appear in their names without prior written permission of the 
OpenSSL Project.

6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following 
acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL 
Project for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)"

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED 
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES 
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN 
NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES 
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; 
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND 
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT 
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS 
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
====================================================================

This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young  
(eay@cryptsoft.com).  This product includes software written by Tim Hudson 
(tjh@cryptsoft.com).

 Original SSLeay License
 -----------------------

Copyright (c) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)
All rights reserved.

This package is an SSL implementation written by Eric Young 
(eay@cryptsoft.com). The implementation was written so as to conform with 
Netscapes SSL.

This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as the 
following conditions are adhered to.  The following conditions apply to all 
code found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA, lhash, DES, etc., code; 
not just the SSL code.  The SSL documentation included with this distribution 
is covered by the same copyright terms except that the holder is Tim Hudson 
(tjh@cryptsoft.com).

Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in the code 
are not to be removed.  If this package is used in a product, Eric Young 
should be given attribution as the author of the parts of the library used. 
This can be in the form of a textual message at program startup or in 
documentation (online or textual) provided with the package.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright notice, this list 
of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation 
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must 
display the following acknowledgement:  "This product includes cryptographic 
software written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)" The word 'cryptographic' 
can be left out if the routines from the library being used are not 
cryptographic related :-).

4. If you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof) from 
the apps directory (application code) you must include an acknowledgement: 
"This product includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)"

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO 
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, 
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, 
OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING 
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, 
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The license and distribution terms for any publicly available version or 
derivative of this code cannot be changed.  i.e. this code cannot simply be 
copied and put under another distribution license  [including the GNU Public 
License.]



*****************************************************************************
C) The following software may be included in this product: ACE(tm).  Use of any 
of this software is governed by terms of the license below:
*****************************************************************************

Copyright and Licensing Information for ACE(TM), TAO(TM), CIAO(TM), and CoSMIC(TM)
ACE(TM), TAO(TM), CIAO(TM), and CoSMIC(TM) (henceforth referred to as "DOC 
software") are copyrighted by Douglas C. Schmidt and his research group at 
Washington University, University of California, Irvine, and Vanderbilt 
University, Copyright (c) 1993-2005, all rights reserved. Since DOC software is 
open-source, freely available software, you are free to use, modify, copy, 
and distribute--perpetually and irrevocably--the DOC software source code and 
object code produced from the source, as well as copy and distribute modified 
versions of this software. You must, however, include this copyright 
statement along with code built using DOC software. 
You can use DOC software in commercial and/or binary software releases and 
are under no obligation to redistribute any of your source code that is built 
using DOC software. Note, however, that you may not do anything to the DOC 
software code, such as copyrighting it yourself or claiming authorship of the 
DOC software code, that will prevent DOC software from being distributed 
freely using an open-source development model. You needn't inform anyone that 
you're using DOC software in your software, though we encourage you to let us 
know so we can promote your project in the DOC software success stories. 
The ACE, TAO, CIAO, and CoSMIC web sites are maintained by the DOC Group at 
the Institute for Software Integrated Systems (ISIS) and the Center for 
Distributed Object Computing of Washington University, St. Louis for the 
development of open-source software as part of the open-source software 
community. By submitting comments, suggestions, code, code snippets, 
techniques (including that of usage) and algorithms (collectively 
``Submissions''), submitters acknowledge that they have the right to do so, 
that any such Submissions are given freely and unreservedly, and that they 
waive any claims to copyright or ownership. In addition, submitters 
acknowledge that any such Submission might become part of the copyright 
maintained on the overall body of code that comprises the DOC software. By 
making a Submission, submitter agrees to these terms. Moreover, submitters 
acknowledge that the incorporation or modification of such Submissions is 
entirely at the discretion of the moderators of the open-source DOC software 
projects or their designees. 
Submissions are provided by the submitter ``as is'' with no warranties 
whatsoever, including any warranty of merchantability, noninfringement of 
third party intellectual property, or fitness for any particular purpose. In 
no event shall the submitter be liable for any direct, indirect, special, 
exemplary, punitive, or consequential damages, including without limitation, 
lost profits, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. Likewise, 
DOC software is provided as is with no warranties of any kind, including the 
warranties of design, merchantability, and fitness for a particular purpose, 
noninfringement, or arising from a course of dealing, usage or trade 
practice. Washington University, UC Irvine, Vanderbilt University, their 
employees, and students shall have no liability with respect to the 
infringement of copyrights, trade secrets or any patents by DOC software or 
any part thereof. Moreover, in no event will Washington University, UC 
Irvine, or Vanderbilt University, their employees, or students be liable for 
any lost revenue or profits or other special, indirect and consequential 
damages. 
DOC software is provided with no support and without any obligation on the 
part of Washington University, UC Irvine, Vanderbilt University, their 
employees, or students to assist in its use, correction, modification, or 
enhancement. A number of companies around the world provide commercial 
support for DOC software, however. DOC software is Y2K-compliant, as long as 
the underlying OS platform is Y2K-compliant. 
The names ACE(TM), TAO(TM), CIAO(TM), CoSMIC(TM), Washington University, UC Irvine, 
and Vanderbilt University, may not be used to endorse or promote products or 
services derived from this source without express written permission from 
Washington University, UC Irvine, or Vanderbilt University. Further, products 
or services derived from this source may not be called ACE(TM), TAO(TM), CIAO(TM), 
or CoSMIC(TM) nor may the name Washington University, UC Irvine, or Vanderbilt 
University appear in their names, without express written permission from 
Washington University, UC Irvine, and Vanderbilt University.



*****************************************************************************
D) The following software may be included in this product: LibTomCrypt, 
Author:  Tom St. Denis.  Use of any of this software is licensed under 
PublicDomain.   For more information, please visit http://libtomcrypt.org/.
*****************************************************************************

Copyright and Licensing Information for LibTomCrypt
LibTomCrypt is a fairly comprehensive, modular and portable cryptographic 
toolkit that provides developers with a vast array of well known published 
block ciphers, one-way hash functions, chaining modes, pseudo-random number 
generators, public key cryptography and a plethora of other routines.
LibTomCrypt has been designed from the ground up to be very simple to use. It 
has a modular and standard API that allows new ciphers, hashes and PRNGs to 
be added or removed without change to the overall end application. It 
features easy to use functions and a complete user manual which has many 
source snippet examples. 
LibTomCrypt is free for all purposes under the public domain. This includes 
commercial use, redistribution and even branching. 
